c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\bin\Debug\Unify DPO Tool.exe.config
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\bin\Debug\Unify DPO Tool.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\bin\Debug\Unify DPO Tool.pdb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify DPO Tool.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.Form1.resources
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify DPO Tool.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify DPO Tool.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify DPO Tool.pdb
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.IBMDispoForm.resources
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.UnifyDispoIntern.resources
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.FruAbfrage.resources
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.FRUKarte.resources
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.gruppeaendern.resources
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.vorDefTexte_aendern.resources
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.ueber.resources
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\bin\Debug\de-DE\Unify DPO Tool.resources.dll
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.login.resources
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.login.de-DE.resources
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\de-DE\Unify DPO Tool.resources.dll
C:\Users\Peter\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\UnifyDPOTool\Unify DPO Tool\obj\Debug\Unify_DPO_Tool.user.resources
